exposing my social media strategy
marketing doesn't have to be complex it
just has to produce results and over the
years i found a strategy that works
really well for me to give you idea i
have over 1 million youtube followers i
have over 1 million facebook followers i
have over 315 000 instagram followers i
have over 440 000 linkedin followers and
over 430 000 twitter followers you get
the point what i'm doing is working and
not really from a follower count
perspective either i know i mention my
follower counts but i don't try to make
them grow instead i focus on generating
more leads and sales from social media
which has been working
youtube is now our third most popular
channel when it comes to driving clients
for my ad agency np digital
that's how i measure success it's actual
revenue and money in the bank and i
figured out how to get these kind of
results from social media marketing
following three simple rules which
worked when i started and still work
today even after all the algorithm
changes
rule number one
post consistently see social media
platforms don't guarantee that your
followers are going to see your content
so when you post consistently you're
more likely to get your followers to see
your content
in addition to that there is no
guarantee that your content does well
some pieces may go viral others won't
some generate hundreds of comments some
generate thousands of likes and others
don't in other words it's a hit or miss
game the way you get more hits is by
creating more content and posting it
consistently plus you need to learn from
the misses so that way you create more
hits
so make sure that you post content daily
literally daily and you can do it even
multiple times a day but a safe bet is
at least once a day and a max of roughly
three times a day
rule two
focus on your ideal customer and no one
else what i mean by this is create
content that attracts more customers not
followers
followers that are irrelevant won't make
you money so who cares if they follow
you so focus on the right audience you
do this by creating content that is
highly relevant to the services or
products you offer when i post content
about life lessons like what i wish i
knew when i was 18 it does way better
than my marketing content from a view
perspective and even a like perspective
but you know what no one pays me for
life lessons
so it's irrelevant when i create content
around marketing tips and strategies it
gets a fraction of the views and likes
but it drives leads and sales
rule 3
genuinely help others i say genuinely
because if you don't really care to help
others you won't
if you care and you really put people
first even if they never provide a dime
it's a great feeling and it will build
brand evangelists these brand
evangelists will talk about you promote
your brand help you generate the right
kind of followers and leads and sales i
stumble upon this exact rule this rule 3
about being genuinely and helping your
followers 10 plus years ago accidentally
because i was helping people out because
i cared not because it was good for me
years later i quickly realized that it
was creating brand evangelists and more
revenue
that's all you have to do
so if you follow these three rules
you'll start doing much better with your
social media marketing it really is that
simple even with all the up and coming
algorithm changes that are going to
happen over the next year or two now if
you need help with your social media
marketing check out my ad agency np
digital if you have questions leave a
comment below i'm here to help if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
people about it thank you for watching